[docs]Update Meshery Contributing Doc (#1567)
layer5io/meshery: docs/README.md

  ```bash
  $ make site
  ```

>   *Note: From the Makefile, this command is actually running `$ bundle exec jekyll serve --drafts --livereload`. There are two Jekyll configuration, `jekyll serve` for developing locally and `jekyll build` when deploying for production based on differences of the handling of trailing slashes between Jekyll and GitHub Pages.*

Reviewer: Please see above

Author: Thanks, I will remove the line added

Reviewer: Let's do one thing, make it 
```suggestion
  *Note: From the Makefile, this command is actually running `$ bundle exec jekyll serve --drafts --livereload`. There are two Jekyll configuration, `jekyll serve` for developing locally and `jekyll build` when you need to generate the site artifacts for production.*
```
